Implement Reporter System (#15710)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Reporters/index.md

Reporter values are output in two forms comma [!ac](CSV) or [!ac](JSON) files. [!ac](CSV) output
is limited to Reporter values with a type of `Real` or `std::vector<Real>`. [!ac](JSON) output will
work for arbitrary types, if the type has a `to_json` function, see [JSONOutput.md] for more details.

## Reporter Context and Modes id=reporter-modes

Reporter values use a context system for performing parallel operations automatically. The default
context allows Reporter values may be produced and consumed in various modes. Depending on the mode
produced/consumed parallel operations will be performed automatically. The following modes exist for
the default context.

- +REPORTER_MODE_ROOT+: Values exist only on the root processor.
- +REPORTER_MODE_REPLICATED+: Values exist and are identical on all processors.
- +REPORTER_MODE_DISTRIBUTED+: Values exist and are different across processors.

Values can be computed or consumed in any of the prescribed modes. When consumed the mode of
production is checked against the mode consumption. [producer-consumer-modes] details the
actions taken by the various possible modes of production and consumption for a Reporter value.

> !table caption=Actions that occur for Reporter values depending on the modes of production and
>                consumption. The prefix `REPORTER_MODE_` is omitted for clarity.
>        id=producer-consumer-modes
> | Producer Mode | Consumer Mode | Action |

Author: ```suggestion
!table caption=Default operations for the default context that occur for Reporter values depending on the modes of production and
               consumption. The prefix `REPORTER_MODE_` is omitted for clarity.
       id=producer-consumer-modes
| Producer Mode | Consumer Mode | Operation |
```

> | Producer Mode | Consumer Mode | Action |

Author: I used "operation" and updated the caption to use "default context"
